previously we will explain
how will you install part of the sea that touches another store
Of applications
per hundred for it what we have to go is to marquez
inside the sea who took his to look
and in search we write
ape kato
I do not have to go all
the application appears
we were
p - or from a comment that makes the app comments from people
percent in April touched my life wait
climbing
once installed
we run at retail mexico took the application
and will ask us the first time if we want to update
we authorize
We stayed in Osuna from a repository and
in itself pre-installed
and the most important thing is, do not go to the menu
repositories
and as beautiful that I already have a list
collaborated repositories under puts the amount of applications that each
repository
per hundred to add more repositories we go to the menu
by repository sludge
we would put the address of the repository
and add
a backward exit never back wrapping to the main menu
percent would offer us a poster saying that you have to update the
soto list did analysts
and it puts all the applications that there are
in those moments in this case right now there are one thousand two hundred and thirty
the only drawback that this application has
is that to ea not be from android the market store
I have requested
the removal of security permits
to be able to install applications
with it leads to that if you do not know what application these were you can
distract yourself or a virus
A program
it gives
let's say send data that does not demand then this is convenient because the
application
was it commented on in a forum or ask
/
have no problem
what I'm seeing now on the screen uses repositories that you can add to
the view
d
the apec to all
I hope that with this
you are clear that not only mark ain that many more places where you can download
dn of many more repositories by the time we find all
and I hope that on your mobile to a repo compose leaving repositores in the
forum
thank you very much and enjoy it
copiapo day patras